If you have the ability, come in. Hey
Xu Feng, don't be complacent
I don't believe that this Su family cares about you for the rest of your life
son
Mom, why does this sound like Guo Jing?
Don't contact him again in the future.
This woman is a femme fatale
He'll bite anyone who gets close to him
Mom, I see.
Don't worry, we'll go somewhere else.
Listen to the mother and don't contact him again
husband
When will the buddies you mentioned arrive?
Soon, my buddies are a family
It's more than enough to hit a Xu Feng
And they're all on the road
Absolutely loyal
That would be fine.
I don't believe that Xu Feng will never come down the mountain
Can the Su family manage him for the rest of his life?
Hmm, no problem.
Just wait for my good news.